[Zhao Tao/ Daryl K - Catch the Wind]
[Lyricist - Zhao Tao]
♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first, slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the  Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you no matter the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Episode 23]
[Tongling County Office]
-Head constable Zheng.
-Yes?
I came to say goodbye.
What do you mean?
You aren't running Miaosheng Restaurant anymore?
Are you not pursuing Advisor Tan anymore?
You're renouncing the marriage contract?
It's not that I'm not pursuing anymore.
It's just that I see clearly now.
My marriage with Miss.
It was an arranged marriage.
The words of a matchmaker.
I still remember.
When I first saw her,
it was the morning of the fifth day of the first month.
She
secretly climbed the wall from the backyard into the Tan house.
Her father caught her red-handed!
With her smile,
the winter's first plum flowers blossomed.
The flower in my heart also bloomed.
Even now, I couldn't bear to pick it out.
-Brother Zhu.
-Yes?
I never thought
you would be someone who cherishes flowers.
So, no matter how much she rejects me
I'm always thinking
that if I can hold onto the flower in my heart,
then she will be moved by actions.
But just like what you said, the only person I have moved
there's only me.
Before, I thought she came here to
avoid me.
Until today, I finally understood.
She actually liked staying here.
This is the marriage contract.
Please give this to Lord Tang.
From now on,
my marriage with Linyin
is finished.
Brother Zhu.
In the future,
we'll respectively marry other people and
will have nothing to do with each other.
When Lord Tang sees this
he will definitely
feel better again.
I'll give you a gift.
This is Miss Ruyi's contract.
You
never paid the 500 taels.
However,
I give you guys my blessings. Lovers will always have a happy ending.
You and Miss Ruyi must stay well.
Thank you.
But I'm afraid this contract...
There isn't any use.
Brother Zhu, you are a good person.
I recognize you as my brother.
If you have any problems in the future,
you can always tell me.
Okay.
You
are going back to Jinan?
Yes.
I can't help with anything here.
I even caused trouble for fianc—
for her.
Brother Zhu.
Are you not going to say goodbye to Advisor Tan?
No.
Ever since Lord Tang got hurt,
she has been sad.
I am not going to stay here and trouble her anymore.
Brother Zhu.
You have liked her at some point.
If you sadly walk away like this,
the sincere effort you put in...
how is that good?
What you said is correct.
Brother Zheng.
Make sure to say hi when you come to Jinan.
We will
meet soon.
Miss.
Dacong?
Do you have time today?
I don't have time today. Can we talk another time?
There's no another time. I am going back to Jinan today.
This sudden?
Can I treat you to a meal?
Let's go eat and chat.
Okay.
Why did you bring me to this place to eat?
Because there's food you like to eat here.
Miss, look. Does that kite look like the one
we played with when we were young?
It does.
Here's your pig liver.
Fiancee, our pig liver is ready.
Please enjoy.
I've tried to please you with expensive delicacies.
But you like to eat pig liver from these road-side stalls.
You thought it through?
I already gave Sir Tang the marriage contract.
When I get back to Jinan, I will explain it to our parents.
Miss, I actually tried.
If there's someone to blame, blame the heavens for letting us meet but not letting us love.
You're actually pretty good.
Although you're spoiled, you'll never hurt anyone.
Wait a minute! You should stop talking. I...I was finally able to...
I have already decided to leave but with your words you're pulling me back.
Also, I don't understand you.
Once you decide on someone, not even 8 horses can pull you back.
You're too good for that...let's not mention him!
Then eat more, I'll treat you.
Qingchen and I will play with the kite
with you when we go to Jinan.
Not another time, let's play with it today.
Now?
Yes.
Does this one look good?
This one or this one? This one?
Okay, I'll take this one.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
Run faster.
Miss, slow down.
This kite flew really high up.
It was all thanks to Miss who taught me when were young.
I was stupid then that I only learned how now.
Miss, look.
I'm not trying to be clingy.
This kite
is one of my memories.
Today.
Let the story of husband Zhu Dacong
and wife Tan Lingyin
blow away with the wind.
♫ Sitting there zoning out. I feel stuck. I just can't let go ♫
♫ Maybe I shouldn't have. I didn't foresee this surprise ♫
♫ I thought there's still love between us and just let you do whatever you wanted ♫
♫ I lowered my expectations of happiness♫
Linying.
Is Sir going to marry you?
I am lucky to meet you.
I can see you everyday.
But I am also unlucky
because I fell in love with you.
What's more unfortunate is that I was unable to have you.
Lingyin, Tongling is dangerous.
You must take care of yourself when I'm not here anymore.
Don't throw tantrums all the time.
You must stay well with Sir.
Can I call you Miss one last time?
Miss.
♫ I lowered my expectations of happiness♫
♫ Do I still love? Is love still there? ♫
Take care.
♫ Illusions from the tears kept me ♫
♫ from letting go ♫
♫ I wrestled with these tangled thoughts.
Always end up with confused and wrong answers ♫
♫ The verdict never comes ♫
-Zhu Dacong.
-Yes?
♫ Do I still love? Is love still there? ♫
♫ The answers keep changing. Illusions from the tears kept me ♫
Thank you.
♫ from letting go ♫
♫ I wrestled with these tangled thoughts ♫
♫ Always end up with confused and wrong answers ♫
♫ The verdict never comes ♫
Assitant Zhou is back.
Where is the Lord and Xiao Liu? Who are these people?
These are the new constables from the Chi State Office.
The Lord got hurt badly and Miss Jiang is scared there is a thef.
who will attack our county office. So they're here to protect us.
Sir is in trouble?
He still isn't awake.
I'll go take a look.
Miss Jiang said the Lord needs rest, so he has to rest.
When he is better than she will tell us.
Don't be concerned about things you shouldn't be concerned about. Do the things you have to do.
These
were all found in your room.
What do you mean?
Where did you go yesterday?
You're suspecting me?
Where did you go!
I went to see Zong Yinglin.
He is leaving Tongling.
Nothing more?
Are you sure
it's not to kidnap Qingchen and kill Lord Tang?
Zheng Shaofeng!
He came to see me last night to take me.
He already quit! He didn't do any of these things.
Why are you looking at me like that?
The evidence is conclusive. I have to believe it.
Ruyi, I gave you a chance before.
I waited for you this long, but Tang Tianyuan.
Tang Tianyuan is my brother!
How can you do that to him?
If I said it wasn't me, would you believe me?
Explain these things clearly to me!
If you believe all these were done by me,
then you can tie me up.
Guards!
Take her away!
Please stop.
I have something to say to Sir.
You can just tell me what you need to say.
You can't stop me.
I've already asked the emperor. Before Sir is completely healed,
as his fiance,
I have the right to take care of everything at the County Office.
Head constable Zheng, are you here to report about the situation?
You can just tell me.
Miss Jiang, Lord Tang is severely injured.
The Advisor is someone he loves, how can you not
let them see each other.
You came here late. You don't understand how dangerous it was today.
Before, Sir Tang betrayed Advisor Tan in court.
Who knew she would in turn hate him.
Seeking refuge with the bandit Duan Feng.
They are the real ones plotting to hurt Sir Tang.
Why would I let her see him?
Nonsense!
There's no way Advisor Tan would kill Sir. They-
Anyway, Advisor wouldn't do that.
Miss Jiang.
Don't suspect anyone if you don't have evidence.
Evidence? There will always be evidence.
Come.
-Sit down.
-Okay.
I told you not to come.
But I'm afraid he'll die.
A bad person can live 1000 years. He won't die that easily.
Hurry up and tell me, from Qingchen getting kidnapped to Lord Tang getting injured,
what happened in between?
Phoenix Village
Boss, there's a letter.
Just bring the letter, why carry the pigeon. Give it.
Brother, what does it say?
Something has happened in the County Office.
What?
Zheng Shaofeng said to stay in the mountains and lie low for now.
We'll wait for his news.
I knew it was him. I will go capture him right now!
Stop messing around.
She has taken over the county office under the emperor's orders. If you capture her, aren't you revolting?
Then what should we do? That crazy women caused me to-
Caused you to what?
Causing our little Feilong
to get hurt. She's evil!
She came here prepared. And she's under the protection of Zong Yinglin.
It's not surprising that we were tricked.
The important thing is Sir.
He already knew everything and was scared Jiang Muchun would do something to him.
Xiang Gua is looking after him.
There shouldn't be a big problem. With this matter,
you can't do anything to Jiang Muchun.
If she gets angry and accuses you for trespassing,
no one can protect you.
It's this serious?
You were even talking about me before...
You are not an advisor anymore.
Trespassing the county office is considered revolting.
Royals and nobles are all the same.
You are right, we can't let her catch us do anything wrong.
Duan Feng said Lao Tie went to him directly.
It seems like Jiang Muchun bribed Lao Tie.
This woman,
planned this long ago and was just waiting for us fall for it.
This woman is evil.
I want to kill her right now.
That's not right, Head constable Zheng.
What's not right?
There's also Zhou Zhengdao.
We haven't seen him recently.
What is going on?
Where are you going?
Didn't you want to hear a story? I'm going to get wine.
Xiang Gua. Xue Li.
Sir, you're awake.
Where's advisor?
Sir seems to love Advisor deeply.
You look for advisor once you're awake.
But you misjudged her.
She teamed up with the bandits to kill you.
Does Sir not remember?
Where is Zheng Shaofeng?
You're very sick. Don't worry about the duties here.
I've already asked the emperor permission
for me to take care of the affairs here for the time being.
You can rest assure.
In this small Tongling,
what affairs do you need to tend to?
In the end,
isn't this all about Sang Jie's gold case?
What Muchun wants.
She knows it best.
Zhou Zhengdao is Zhou Ruyi.
Zhou Ruyi is Zhou Zhengdao.
Tan Lingyin, you are really stupid.
Are your eyes purely for looks?
You couldn't even tell that apart.
Older sister.
What were you thinking about?
It's nothing.
Why didn't you look at the letter Xiang Gua sent?
What did it say?
The Lord is awake and he is fine.
That's what they all say. Who knows if its the truth.
Right.
There's still my lovely Xiang Gua!
- How much is this carrot?
- One coin per catty.
Xiang Gua.
Advisor! There are lots of eyes here. You should be careful to avoid suspicion.
It's okay.
I have a favor to ask you.
A favor? I hate you a lot, why should I help you?
I know you hate me.
But you should believe that I wouldn't harm the Lord.
Sir.
There's a reason your master kept you.
I'm coming.
-Xiang Gua.
-Lower your voice.
This is for you.
Don't go.
Drink some tea.
Okay.
Let's go.
There's only two characters.
Oh, right.
Didn't you say Sir's wound didn't go deep into his heart?
Why isn't he getting better?
This, I really don't know.
The doctor comes everyday, he drinks it everyday.
Who makes the medicine?
Medicine?
Miss Jiang makes it herself.
I'm going to go first.
The plan has failed.
That Lao Tie! He was incompetent and caused trouble.
We've lost our clue. What should we do now?
How about Zong Yinglin?
We are still following him.
It looks like he's running away. He traveling west.
It's fine if he runs away.
But if he's going to the capital to meet the emperor...
What you are saying-
Yes.
Wait.
I'll go.
I won't leave.
I owe you for raising me. I can let you go.
But I need to repent for the sins we both have made.
You can hide right now,
but how long can you hide for?
You're just putting on a calm facade for the person in charge of you.
You are a smart person.
You should know that repentance is salvation.
-Turn around.
-Yes.
Sir.
Miss Jiang.
Are you not allowing me to go back
and wait for death?
It's a good thing to go to your hometown.
But the direction you are going
is not the direction to your home.
Then let me ask.
What good is it to you if I died?
There's no bad thing either.
But I am an easy person to talk to.
If you agree to giving me the key,
I will let Zhou Ruyi go.
Don't touch her.
What do you say?
She parted ways with me! I don't recognize her as my daughter anymore!
Do you recognize this?
It doesn't matter.
Your adopted son will definitely avenge you.
What's going on?
We're investigating a case. Step aside!
This is within Tongling's county limits. I'm the head constable of Tongling's County Office. Move!
The knife was quick. It looks like it was an immediate death.
Cong Shun, take the corpse back to the County Office.
Yes.
Head constable Zheng.
What's wrong?
Where is your Ruyi jade pendant?
It was on my waist yesterday...
I doesn't matter right now. Clean up this area.
Hurry! Double check things! Don't leave stuff here.
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world, hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫  The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets, I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song, a good dream ♫
♫ A youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows, too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song, a good dream ♫
♫ A youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫